Add links to list of users of the Standard (#120)
publiccodenet/community-implementation-guide-standard: README.md

If the proposal is spanning several requirements of a criterion, it should be placed in the criterion above the requirements.
If the proposal spans multiple criteria it should be above the list of criteria.

> For inspiration of existing solutions that may not have been added here yet, check the assessments of [users of the Standard for Public Code](https://github.com/standard-for-public-code#whos-using-the-standard-for-public-code).

Reviewer: 'Further' implies content beyond what's in the implementation guide - no need to mention 'existing solutions'.

```suggestion
For further real world examples of Standard for Public Code implementation, check out [existing users' assessments against the Standard](https://github.com/standard-for-public-code#whos-using-the-standard-for-public-code).
```

Author: I like this wording!
